Add instructions for non-studio setup (#36)
8thwall/8thwall.github.io: docs/getting-started/non-studio-projects.md

---
id: non-studio-projects
sidebar_position: 100
---

# Non-Studio Projects

> The primary way of using the desktop app with Studio projects, which use 8th Wall's scene graph format and the ECS framework. Projects that aren't considered Studio projects can still utilize the desktop app for other associated features such as asset management, image targets, and the simulator, by opening in a separate non-studio mode with no 3D viewport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary way of using the 8th Wall desktop app is with Studio projects, which use 8th Wall's scene graph format (src/.expanse.json)and the ECS framework. 

Projects that aren't considered Studio projects (eg projects built with A-Frame, Three.js) can still utilize the 8th Wall desktop app for specific features such as asset management, image targets, and the simulator, by opening in a separate Non-Studio mode. Non-Studio mode does not include a 3D viewport.
```

Author: Updated
